Add envoy Memcached rate limiting (#876)
kyma-project/istio: docs/contributor/draft/rate-limiting-poc/04-global-rate-limiting-memcached.md

Author: I would keep it, as we will decide later on which backend stack we would like to choose.

> # Configuring envoy rate limiting with memcached

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure Envoy Rate Limiting with Memcached
```

          value: memcached:11211
        - name: BACKEND_TYPE
          value: memcache
        - name: CACHE_KEY_PREFIX
          value: ratelimit
        - name: USE_STATSD
          value: "false"
        - name: RUNTIME_ROOT
          value: /data
        - name: RUNTIME_SUBDIRECTORY
          value: ratelimit
        - name: RUNTIME_WATCH_ROOT
          value: "false"
        - name: RUNTIME_IGNOREDOTFILES
          value: "true"
        - name: HOST
          value: "::"
        - name: GRPC_HOST
          value: "::"
        ports:
        - containerPort: 8080
        - containerPort: 8081
        - containerPort: 6070
        volumeMounts:
        - name: config-volume
          mountPath: /data/ratelimit/config
      volumes:
      - name: config-volume
        configMap:
          name: ratelimit-config
EOF
```

2. Configure your custom rate limiting config:

```
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: ratelimit-config
  namespace: test
data:
  config.yaml: |
    domain: ratelimit
    descriptors:
      - key: remote_address
        rate_limit:
          unit: minute
          requests_per_unit: 2
EOF
```

> 3. Apply envoy filters pointing to above ratelimit service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Apply EnvoyFilter resources pointing to the above `ratelimit` service:
```
